Questions

1)Code for reversing a string
   Input: Good Morning World 
   Output: dlroW gninroM dooG
 
2)How to sort a list of objects<Person> based on an attribute<pid>
  Class Person
  { String Name; String City; int pid; }
Use of Comparator & Comparable?
 
3)What is linked hashmap and it's difference between hashmap?
 
4)Window handling & Frame handling?
 
5)TestNg silent features & annotations?
 
6)What is Synchronisation & how we achieve it?
 
7)Explain your Automation Framework?
 
8)What is stash?
 
9)fetch Vs pull?
 
10)Query to select Topmost record?
 
11)Query to select Top 10 records?
 
12)What are diffrent Error codes you faced and when?(400,401,403,404)
 
13)How will you handle expired Token scenario in API automation?
 
14)Explain the latest project
 
15)What is your job and responsibility
 
16)How will you manage the work with Onshore Team

How we can find xpath for shadow root if it is closed

1: Tell me about yourself
2: Encapsulation with implementation in framework
3: find the counting of strings
4: Find duplicates in arrays
5: Find the occurrence of strings
6: finally keyword and what code is written in finally block
7: If in a dropdown, we click on it and list will appear and if we try to inspect it disappears. How to handle.
8: Shadow DOM and how to resolve
9: what is the architecture of jmeter
10: What are the main testing we do in jmeter
11: How to deal with jmx file
12: Selenium version 3vs4
13: RequestSpecification
14: explain Post request
15: Mortgage
16: Challenges that you have faced and how you overcome those.
17: Framework explaination
18: put and post
19: After merging into the guthub my code worked fine but In jenkins its not working. Why?

Tell me about yourself
Selenium4
Shadow DOM
Put vs Post
Use of Overloading in your framework
Explain Framework
Parallel execution flow.
How you reading threadcounts for parallel execution.
How you reading data from excel file
Git pull vs rebase vs merge
once pull request rejected what to do
Challenges you faced while working.
Abstract class vs Interface
Response codes
How Jenkins works
Git
After merging into the guthub my code worked fine but In jenkins its not working. Why?
Mortgage



-----------
1) Tell me about yourself
2) Mortgage
3) challanges faced in previous project
4) What is the big task in your carrier
5) Abstract class can inherit the interface
6) Interface can have the methods
7) run time polymorphism
8) JDK and JRE
9) explain framework
10) where you store the test data
11) How we can run the script on different browsers
12) Scenario outline keyword
13) Shadow Dom
14) Exceptions in shadow dom
15) Encapsulation and where u used in project
16) where u store sensetive data framework
17) Xpath and cssSelector. Which will you be prefer
18) why you access the Xpath 


1.Difference between JDK and JRE
2.will it work if we have different JDK version and different JRE version
3.can we convert int or string values to Object
4.try catch finally
5.upcasting downcasting with example
6.encapsulation with example
7.major challenges faced in the project
8.explain java concepts used in the framework
9.how to handle windows and tabs in selenium
10.what you will do if you are not able to fix the script
11.how we define dependency in pom.xml
12.after upgrading the dependency , if script is not working, how we can deal with
13.can we write xpaths in shadow dom
14. explain shadow dom
15.difference between xpath and css
16.singleton class

-----------
1) Tell me about yourself
2) Mortgage
3) challanges faced in previous project
4) What is the big task in your carrier
5) Abstract class can inherit the interface
6) Interface can have the methods
7) run time polymorphism
8) JDK and JRE
9) explain framework
10) where you store the test data
11) How we can run the script on different browsers
12) Scenario outline keyword
13) Shadow Dom
14) Exceptions in shadow dom
15) Encapsulation and where u used in project
16) where u store sensetive data framework
17) Xpath and cssSelector. Which will you be prefer
18) why you access the Xpath 

1.Difference between JDK and JRE
2.will it work if we have different JDK version and different JRE version
3.can we convert int or string values to Object
4.try catch finally
5.upcasting downcasting with example
6.encapsulation with example
7.major challenges faced in the project
8.explain java concepts used in the framework
9.how to handle windows and tabs in selenium
10.what you will do if you are not able to fix the script
11.how we define dependency in pom.xml
12.after upgrading the dependency , if script is not working, how we can deal with
13.can we write xpaths in shadow dom
14. explain shadow dom
15.difference between xpath and css
16.singleton class
17.git rebase and merge
18.how to clone from bitbucket


Questions by Arun
1) Tell me about yourself
2) Explain about previous experiences
3) Explain framework 
4) jmeter tool
 
Questions by Hanumantha
 
1) how you handles the exceptions/errors in framework
2) where you write the code to handle the exceptions(try and catch block)
3) Scenario and scenario outline
4) which selenium version and java version you used
5) If you are working on own branch and team member is told to switch on my branch and please push my code,
   How you can do this without committing your latest code?
6) git flow
7) git commands
8) cache in rest assured
9) unauthorized and forebiden difference


Explain previous projects with all module
What are your individual contribution in ur projects
how to write test plan, test scenario, tc etc
different techniques while design test cases
how you define valid bug
which development process
what u implemented newly in ur QA exp
prepare the test plan
 
Manjunath:-
Array & Arraylist
Real implementation of Set & Map
String manipulation
How to get only numeric digits from string
how to convert from system date to string and string date to date format
 
Listners in TestNG
Different between Junit & TestNG
Status code 2xx 3xx 4xx and 5xx
How to pass one attribute value from one response to other using postman and restAssured
how to handle jsonarry
get the jsonarray values from response and store into a collection]
Serializtion and Deserialization (POJO)
objectMapper
what the response class name for response
basic auth & bertoken


1Tell me about yourself
2Encapsulation how you been implemented that
3How to swap 2 string variables but you should not use 3rd variable, give algorithm and logic
4.what you do for each count in string
5. within the words how do you remove duplicates
6.what is the list. Hashmap
7Expalin the framwork and project structure
8.explicit wait
9.what are the locators you have used
10.absolute and relative path, if we use absolute is there any challenge
11.basic structure of api
12.post put
13.status code
14.have you faced any conflicts in git, git merge
15.briefly explain css
15.which you created pipeline is ci/cd, how often do you run pipeline
By punith
1.Can you explain your versions have used in tour framework
2. Challenges when you upgraded framework
3.shadow dom
4.features of framwork
5.Does your framwork support parallel execution
6.can you explain how to traverse forward by using css from parent to child
7.parent has got 3child i need to catch hold of the second child can you explain how to do that
8.how to handle sudo elements
By siddhant
1.explain project and team structure
2.non technical challenge how you overcome
3. how you will hnadle if you have conflict with the opposite team,. How do you manage conflict
4.do you have experience on creating test atifacts, test documents, strategy , test execution and completion report


1. Tell me about yourself
2.Tell me about your previous project and work experiences
3. Explain about Framework used on previous projects
4. what is BDD
5. Explain about your work experience with jenkins
6. what is CI/CD pipeline
7.What is your work experience using API testing.
8. what is the o auth and authentication
9. what are the response codes we have in API
10.what is 403 response.
 
Questions by Lindop Jhonathan
 
1. what is the difficulties faced on your previous work experience
2. what is the new technologies you implemented with your previous work
3. What is your contribution in your project
4. How to prepare your test plan 
5. what is your most complicated issues you faced on your experience
6. methods used to prepare for a test cases


what are java concepts implemented in ur project
oops, collection, exception handling, 
Framework explain
shadow dom and where u implement in ur project
properties file read to base driver
how to maintain test data
crosss browser testing
driver initialization in basedriver 
Selenium4 architecture
how to working with text inside DOM by CSS
Different type of XPATH
List and MAp implementation
where u changed version of libraries 
reports generation
how to working with elements if no attributes in side DOM
XPATH vs CSS


Maven build'
jenkins configuration
jenkins pipeline
all http method in API
all error code for status code including all series 
what are things we are proving the GET call
If we are providing same set of payload to POST call what error code
auth
401 and 403
team structure
how to coorinate with onsore team
how u send report status report to client
how to debug ur code and where we see the value of variable during debug
Can we edit the value of variable during debug.
Write a program to get max value from array


Oops concepts
Polymorphism
Count of characters in string
How to find duplicate numbers in java
Syntax of post method
Explain all your previous projects


how to import project from remote and resolve any error in eclipse
what is selenium version r u using and what are the new feature 
Maven command
Git flow
how to resolve conflict
collection used in ur fw
search mobile and select mobile under 15000 in amazon search box using selenium
findout element based on child in amazon
how to get duplicate values from a column using sql query
how to handle failed test cases in jenkins
put and patch
204 status code 

Questions asked By Fiona:
 
1.Tell about yourself
2.What about your previous project Experience?
3.how many members are there in your team?
4.What is your work experience with Jmeter?
5.What are the difficulties you faced on your previous projects?
6.Do you have previous work experience in banking projects?


1.Explain about Json Parse 
2.what is the use of glue in cucumber?
3.What is pojo how you achieve it?
4.Tell about cucumber classes
5.what is Interface what are those?
6.What is serialisation and Deserialisation?
7.What are new features available on selenium 4?
8.What is the selenium version you worked on?
 
 
Questions by Vivek:
 
1.What are the Testng annotations avalilable list them?
2.What is pojo class how to create it?
3.what is response code in API?
4.what are the validations available in API?
5.what are the test methods in api testing?
6.what are Payload parsing techniques?


V L Punit Kumar:
Where did you apply encapsulation in your previous project?
How have you created Compatibility test cases utility in your previous project?
Sauce Lab integration in details?
How did you get the configuration data from Json file in your framework?
Which locator you have been used in your previous project?
What is the difference between Id, Xpath, Link Text, CSS Selector locators in detail?
Where did you store the locators in your previous project?
Did you use Page factory or any other approach?
How did you Integrate your compatibility TCs utility with Jenkins Pipeline with CLI command?
Explain how will you run allure report in your windows machine without calling allure server?
How did you use Xpath in your previous project?
How can you click on the button which is not enable on UI?
What exception we get in case of explicit and implicit wait and the usage of these waits?
Sahin Jain:
Tell me yourself with your technical skills and experience only?
Algorithm and program for Minimum value from an Array?
Have you done any optimization in your previous project?
Have you handled automation testing team?
Siddhant Mitra:
What type of optimizations have you done and why it was required in your previous project?
How did you resolve conflicts?
Have you created test strategy document by yourself, or it was already created?
How did you assign task to the team, have you created any process?
Any challenge has you faced technical or non-technical and how did you handle?   



1. Diff between == & equals method
 
2. Out put of below program
public class TryWithFinally {
  public static int method() {
     try {
        System.out.println("Try Block with return type");
        return 10;
     } finally {
        System.out.println("Finally Block always execute");
     }
  }
  public static void main(String[] args) {
     System.out.println(method());
  }
}
 
3. Out put of below program
String fruit = "Apple";
switch(fruit)
{
    case "Mango":
        System.out.println("Sweet");
        break;
    case "Apple":
        System.out.println("Delicious");
    case "Orange":
        System.out.println("tasty");
    default:
        System.out.println("Not a fruit");
}
 
4. String str1 = "1296"; convert to Integer
 
5. String str = "Hello Welcome to my program world"; retrive welcome and print
 
6. Diff between Final , Finalize & finally
 
7. How to configure to launch gifferent browsers in selenium based on user input
 
8. How to handle alerts in selenium
 
9. How to click on disabled element
 
10. what are different types of waits in selenium
 
11. What are tags in cucumber
 
12. Diff between Scenario and Scenario Outline
 
13. Any idea on lambda expression?
 
14. What type of reports you used in your project
 
15. Hou you used to write test cases in previous project
 
16. Diff between Post&Get
 
17. Diff between path and query parameters
 
18. Different types of http methods
 
19. How to print all the data of id 9 & just last name of id 9
{
    "page": 2,    "per_page": 6,
    "total": 12,
    "total_pages": 2,
    "data": [
        {
            "id": 7,
            "email": "michael.lawson@reqres.in",
            "first_name": "Michael",
            "last_name": "Lawson",
            "avatar": "https://reqres.in/img/faces/7-image.jpg"
        },
        {
            "id": 8,
            "email": "lindsay.ferguson@reqres.in",
            "first_name": "Lindsay",
            "last_name": "Ferguson",
            "avatar": "https://reqres.in/img/faces/8-image.jpg"
        },
        {
            "id": 9,
            "email": "tobias.funke@reqres.in",
            "first_name": "Tobias",
            "last_name": "Funke",
            "avatar": "https://reqres.in/img/faces/9-image.jpg"
        },
        {
            "id": 10,
            "email": "byron.fields@reqres.in",
            "first_name": "Byron",
            "last_name": "Fields",
            "avatar": "https://reqres.in/img/faces/10-image.jpg"
        },
        {
            "id": 11,
            "email": "george.edwards@reqres.in",
            "first_name": "George",
            "last_name": "Edwards",
            "avatar": "https://reqres.in/img/faces/11-image.jpg"
        },
        {
            "id": 12,
            "email": "rachel.howell@reqres.in",
            "first_name": "Rachel",
            "last_name": "Howell",
            "avatar": "https://reqres.in/img/faces/12-image.jpg"
        }
    ],
    "support": {
        "url": "https://reqres.in/#support-heading",
        "text": "To keep ReqRes free, contributions towards server costs are appreciated!"
    }
}


21. How to resolve merge conflicts in git



how to import project from remote and resolve any error in eclipse
After importing the project what will be the next steps
GIT Flow
What are all the commands used in GIT
GIT Clone
GIT Conflict
Collections used in Framework
Find Out Element based on Child to parent
Put and patch Different
TestNG Listeners 
Types are listeners used in TestNG
Cucumber Framework
Hooks Class
Background in Cucumber


how to import project from remote and resolve any error in eclipse
After importing the project what will be the next steps
GIT Flow
What are all the commands used in GIT
GIT Clone
GIT Conflict
Collections used in Framework
Find Out Element based on Child to parent
Put and patch Different
TestNG Listeners 
Types are listeners used in TestNG
Cucumber Framework
Hooks Class
Background in Cucumber


What is difference between selenium 3 and selenium 4?
what is super most  of interface?
what is interface?
To find xpath from webtable (task)
write a code to print the List of WebElements from Webtables(task)?
How to work on suggestion in inputfield?
Cucumber flow?
What is difference between scenario and scenario outline?
What is difference between background and hooks class?
Git flow?
How to create branches in Git?
How to handle conflict in Git?


1) JDK and JVM
2) try{
	//exception occurs
	try{
 
	   } catch(){
 
	   } finally{
 
	   }
	} catch(){
	}
	--> if exception occurs in first try block whether finally will execute
 
3) If we compile a code in jdk 17 and run it on a machine which has jdk1.8 installed what will happen?
 
4) What will happen if we pass same query parameter more than once in a request?
 
5) What is the purpose of headers?
 
6) What are all the content-type there and how can you configure it?
 
7) Syntax for POST Request?
 
8) What will happen if you pass xml to the request which accepts json ?
 
9) Response vs ValidatableResponse?
 
10) How can you validate the status code ?
 
11) Status Code ==> 400 , 404 , 503
 
12) Can we pass query parameter before path parameter ?
 
13) git init?
 
14) PUT vs PATCH ?
 
15) Did you pass entire data for PUT and PATCH?
 
16) What are the steps to get the codes from remote to local for the very first time ?
 
17) Can we have multiple Examples in a ScenarioOutline?
 
18) Can we have multiple data tables ?
 
19) How can you get a data in a data table with multiple rows and columns ?

nterview Questions By Suhas Bankar:
=====================================
1) What is default constructor?
2) What is List, Set ,Map?
3) How to find the unique elements using Set concepts in java?
4) What will happen if we pass same query parameter more than once in a request?
5) What is the purpose of headers?
6) What are all the content-type there and how can you configure it?
7) Syntax for GET Request?
8) What will happen if you pass xml to the request which accepts json ?
9) Response vs ValidatableResponse?
10) How can you validate the status code ?
11) Status Code ==> 401 , 404 , 200, 400,501
12) Can we pass query parameter before path parameter ?
13) Difference between path parameter and query parameter?

14) PUT vs PATCH ?
15) Did you pass entire data for PUT and PATCH?
16) What are the important Authorization methods supported by postman?
17) Can we have multiple Examples in a ScenarioOutline?
18) How can you get a data in a data table with multiple rows and columns ?
19) Explain about yours project's?